hey everybody Calvin nation here once
again getting you another video this
one's going to be similar to my Chimaera
video because this is also a question I
get asked a fair bit
I also answered this question in my
which bowel song should you buy video so
you can check that one out as well
because this will be a little bit more
quick to the point than that one I'm
going to be talking about the small fly
versus the bee m32 which one I like
better and which one you should get if
you're looking at a small sized Valley
my personal preference is the small fly
I think for a few reasons one it's a way
more unique-looking flipper it's its own
kind of little design actually I guess
32 is just a smaller 51 and the small
fly is kind of a smaller spider fly but
I think it is very unique there's
nothing like it really out there I think
it's a better flipper
I like the pocket clip better it's got a
spring latch that I think is a little
bit cooler just because it's way more
out of the way than the 32 and since the
32 is such a small Bali the latch that
yet it is a spring
it also has T latch like features so it
does get stuck in your hand a little bit
well flipping so I do like the small
flies latch a little bit more I think
the 32s latch is far more innovative
obviously it is but I do like the way
this functions a little bit better love
the blade shape I like 154cm better than
d2 I think it's just a really really
sick knife I like the finish on it
better at least for the blade the 32 is
totally respectable it's a very close
second even the home and they have two
different types of small valleys I guess
you can kind of you kind of fit the 53
in there as well but that one's just in
its own class there's some one kind of
name class but yeah the small fly I
think is definitely the better way to go
but you know if it's really coming down
to which one flips better then I would
have to go for the small fly but if
you're looking for just a unique or
sorry just a cool valley one that you
like the looks of which also flips good
since these do flip pretty close to each
other some may argue the 32 actually
does flip better I've heard a lot of
people say the small fly flips better
but if you're really not an experienced
flipper and you're not looking for the
best small flipper out there that's
readily available then just go with the
one that looks the best to you I mean
I'm sure a lot of people love the 32
over the small fly anyway so I say go
for the one that looks better for you
maybe the one that's cheaper as well
if you're on a budget and I'm not
actually sure the prices of both I got
this one for 129 at blade HQ and I
believe that is cheaper than than the 32
in most places I know the 32 and 51 have
dropped in price significantly since
they came out I hate to say it but I
spent over 200 bucks for this guy since
I am Canadian I had to buy it at retail
and I did buy this one for just about
200 bucks I believe you could probably
get this for 130 140 this one as well I
believe one 30 or 40 so they're both
very similar in price they flip both
pretty similarly I would have to give
the better flipper definitely to the
small fly in my opinion I'd have to give
it a small fly the uniqueness and
coolness factor it's just in a class of
its own and I think it's it's really
cool so I say go for the small fly
because it's also quite a bit more rare
and they would just continue for a while
and I don't know how long they'll still
be around I don't even know if they're
producing anymore they might just be
getting rid of the ones that they have
left but yeah small fly
definitely a plus in my books 32 not too
far behind so there's my video on that
quickly hopefully you guys enjoyed it if
you have any questions let me know
also if maybe I didn't answer everything
here check out the witch bow song should
you buy before you ask something because
I've probably answered it a bit more
in-depth there so thanks for watching